name: Attack
ap_cost: 1
mp_cost: 0
range: WPR
area: Target
falloff: 0
self_effect: Enable Attack false
target_effect: Damage WPD+5
activation_type: active
origin: innate
orient: target
trigger: NUL
enabled: true
animation: NUL
=================
name: Blink
ap_cost: 0
mp_cost: 5
range: SPD
area: Target
falloff: 0
self_effect: Move 4
target_effect: NUL
activation_type: active
origin: innate
orient: target
trigger: NUL
enabled: true
animation: NUL
=================
name: Channel
ap_cost: APC
mp_cost: 10
range: 0
area: Self
falloff: 0
self_effect: Heal 10; Pass
target_effect: NUL
activation_type: active
origin: innate
orient: select
trigger: NUL
enabled: true
animation: NUL
=================
name: Move
ap_cost: 1
mp_cost: 0
range: SPD
area: Target
falloff: 0
self_effect: Move 1
target_effect: NUL
activation_type: active
origin: innate
orient: target
trigger: NUL
enabled: true
animation: NUL
=================
name: Wait
ap_cost: APC
mp_cost: -5
range: 0
area: Self
falloff: 0
self_effect: Pass
target_effect: NUL
activation_type: active
origin: innate
orient: select
trigger: NUL
enabled: true
animation: NUL
=================
name: Cross
ap_cost: 1
mp_cost: 5
range: WPR
area: Cross Target 1
falloff: .5
self_effect: NUL
target_effect: Damage WPD+5
activation_type: active
origin: innate
orient: target
trigger: NUL
enabled: true
animation: NUL
=================
name: Ring
ap_cost: 1
mp_cost: 5
range: WPR
area: Ring Target 1 0
falloff: .5
self_effect: NUL
target_effect: Damage WPD+5
activation_type: active
origin: innate
orient: target
trigger: NUL
enabled: true
animation: NUL
=================
name: Cone
ap_cost: 1
mp_cost: 5
range: 1
area: Cone Self 2 
falloff: .5
self_effect: NUL
target_effect: Damage WPD+5
activation_type: active
origin: innate
orient: target
trigger: NUL
enabled: true
animation: NUL
=================
name: Raise
ap_cost: 1
mp_cost: 5
range: WPR
area: Cross Target 1
falloff: .5
self_effect: NUL
target_effect: Elevate 2
activation_type: active
origin: innate
orient: target
trigger: NUL
enabled: true
animation: NUL
=================
name: Lower
ap_cost: 1
mp_cost: 5
range: WPR
area: Cross Target 1
falloff: .5
self_effect: NUL
target_effect: Elevate -2
activation_type: active
origin: innate
orient: target
trigger: NUL
enabled: true
animation: NUL
=================